One Piece;Eiichiro Oda;Elex Media;Manusia karet yang mau jadi raja bajak laut;Gol D. Roger, a man referred to as the "Pirate King," is set to be executed by the World Government. But just before his demise, he confirms the existence of a great treasure, One Piece, located somewhere within the vast ocean known as the Grand Line. Announcing that One Piece can be claimed by anyone worthy enough to reach it, the Pirate King is executed and the Great Age of Pirates begins. Twenty-two years later, a young man by the name of Monkey D. Luffy is ready to embark on his own adventure, searching for One Piece and striving to become the new Pirate King. Armed with just a straw hat, a small boat, and an elastic body, he sets out on a fantastic journey to gather his own crew and a worthy ship that will take them across the Grand Line to claim the greatest status on the high seas.
Hunter x Hunter;Yoshihiro Togashi;Gramedia;Seorang anak yang jago mancing pergi cari bapaknya;Secret treasure hoards, undiscovered wealth... mystical places, unexplored frontiers... 'The mysterious unknown.' There's magic in such words for those captivated by its spell. They are called 'Hunters'!" Gon Freecss wants to become a Hunter so he can find his father, a man who abandoned him to pursue a life of adventure. But it's not that simple: only one in one hundred thousand can pass the Hunter Exam, and that is just the first obstacle on his journey. During the Hunter Exam, Gon befriends many other potential Hunters, such as the mysterious Killua, the revenge-driven Kurapika, and Leorio, who aims to become a doctor. There's a world of adventure and peril awaiting, and those who embrace it with open arms can become the greatest Hunters of them all!
Shingeki no Kyojin;Hajime Isayama;Gramedia;Sasageyo, sasageyo, shinzou wa sasageyo;Hundreds of years ago, horrifying creatures which resembled humans appeared. These mindless, towering giants, called "titans," proved to be an existential threat, as they preyed on whatever humans they could find in order to satisfy a seemingly unending appetite. Unable to effectively combat the titans, mankind was forced to barricade themselves within large walls surrounding what may very well be humanity's last safe haven in the world. In the present day, life within the walls has finally found peace, since the residents have not dealt with titans for many years. Eren Yeager, Mikasa Ackerman, and Armin Arlert are three young children who dream of experiencing all that the world has to offer, having grown up hearing stories of the wonders beyond the walls. But when the state of tranquility is suddenly shattered by the attack of a massive 60-meter titan, they quickly learn just how cruel the world can be. On that day, Eren makes a promise to himself that he will do whatever it takes to eradicate every single titan off the face of the Earth, with the hope that one day, humanity will once again be able to live outside the walls without fear.
Kimetsu no Yaiba;Koyoharu Gatouge;Elex Media;Bocah tidak berdosa yang pulang kerumah melihat anggota keluarganya dibasmi iblis;Tanjirou Kamado lives with his impoverished family on a remote mountain. As the oldest sibling, he took upon the responsibility of ensuring his family's livelihood after the death of his father. On a cold winter day, he goes down to the local village in order to sell some charcoal. As dusk falls, he is forced to spend the night in the house of a curious man who cautions him of strange creatures that roam the night: malevolent demons who crave human flesh. When he finally makes his way home, Tanjirou's worst nightmare comes true. His entire family has been brutally slaughtered with the sole exception of his sister Nezuko, who has turned into a flesh-eating demon. Engulfed in hatred and despair, Tanjirou desperately tries to stop Nezuko from attacking other people, setting out on a journey to avenge his family and find a way to turn his beloved sister back into a human.
Katekyo Hitman Reborn;Akira Amano;Shonen Jump;Nolep yang tiba - tiba disuruh jadi ketua mafia;The life of Tsunayoshi "No-Good Tsuna" Sawada is a complete wreck. Terrible grades, horrible fitness, and a non-existent social life means he has no reason to attend school, especially after discovering that his crush, Kyouko Sasagawa, is already seeing someone. Unbeknownst to him however, the blood of Giotto, the great Vongola the First, runs through his veins. Enter home tutor Reborn, an infant who claims to be the world's greatest hitman. Under orders from Vongola the Ninth, Reborn has come to train Tsuna to become a worthy successor to the famous Vongola Famiglia name. Tsuna, however, refuses, and claims that he will never become a mafia boss. How will the world's greatest hitman react to such opposition? Will he force Tsuna to adhere? Or will he use this unwillingness to his advantage? This is a story of a reluctant successor as he takes on the responsibilities of becoming the underworld's next ruling mafia leader, with the help of his friends and a one-of-a-kind home tutor.
Haikyuu;Haruichi Furudate;Shonen Jump;Pelajar bertubuh pendek yang ingin jago main volly;The whistle blows. The ball is up. A dig. A set. A spike. Volleyball. A sport where two teams face off, separated by a formidable, wall-like net. The "Little Giant," standing at only 170 cm, overcomes the towering net and the wall of blockers. The awe-inspired Shouyou Hinata looks on at the ace's crow-like figure. Determined to reach great heights like the Little Giant, small-statured Hinata finally manages to form a team in his last year of junior high school, and enters his first volleyball tournament. However, his team is utterly defeated in their first game against the powerhouse school Kitagawa Daiichi, led by the genius, but oppressive setter dubbed the "King of the Court," Tobio Kageyama. Hinata enrolls into Karasuno High School seeking to take revenge against Kageyama in an official high school match and to follow in the Little Giant's footsteps—but his plans are ruined when he opens the gymnasium door to find Kageyama as one of his teammates. Now, Hinata must establish himself on the team and work alongside the problematic Kageyama to overcome his shortcomings and to fulfill his dream of making it to the top of the high school volleyball world
One Punch Man;Yusuke Murata;Gramedia;Kehidupan pahlawan botak yang terlalu OP;After rigorously training for three years, the ordinary Saitama has gained immense strength which allows him to take out anyone and anything with just one punch. He decides to put his new skill to good use by becoming a hero. However, he quickly becomes bored with easily defeating monsters, and wants someone to give him a challenge to bring back the spark of being a hero. Upon bearing witness to Saitama's amazing power, Genos, a cyborg, is determined to become Saitama's apprentice. During this time, Saitama realizes he is neither getting the recognition that he deserves nor known by the people due to him not being a part of the Hero Association. Wanting to boost his reputation, Saitama decides to have Genos register with him, in exchange for taking him in as a pupil. Together, the two begin working their way up toward becoming true heroes, hoping to find strong enemies and earn respect in the process.
Boku no Hero Academia;Kohei Horikoshi;Shonen Jump;Seorang bocah yang mau jadi pahlawan nomor 1;One day, a four-year-old boy came to a sudden realization: the world is not fair. Eighty percent of the world's population wield special abilities, known as "quirks," which have given many the power to make their childhood dreams of becoming a superhero a reality. Unfortunately, Izuku Midoriya was one of the few born without a quirk, suffering from discrimination because of it. Yet, he refuses to give up on his dream of becoming a hero, determined to do the impossible, Izuku sets his sights on the elite hero training academy, UA High. However, everything changes after a chance meeting with the number one hero and Izuku's idol, All Might. Discovering that his dream is not a dead end, the powerless boy undergoes special training, working harder than ever before. Eventually, this leads to him inheriting All Might's power, and with his newfound abilities, gets into his school of choice, beginning his grueling journey to become the successor of the best hero on the planet.
Kuroko no Basuke;Tadatoshi Fujimaki;Elex Media;Anak SMA main basket tapi rambutnya kayak pelangi;The Teiko Middle School Basketball Team. The school that produced three perfect seasons in a row, with five once-in-a generation players, called "The Generation of Miracles." There was another player who all of them respected... A legendary 6th player. An up-and-coming power player, Taiga Kagami, is just back from America. When he comes to Seirin High School, he meets the super-ordinary boy, Tetsuya Kuroko. Kagami is shocked to find that Kuroko isn't good at basketball, in fact, he's bad! And he's so plain that he's impossible to see. But Kuroko's plainness lets him pass the ball around without the other team noticing him, and he's none other than the sixth member of the Miracle Generation. Kuroko makes a pact with Kagami to defeat the other members of the Miracle Generation, who have all played basketball at other schools. A battle of light (Kagami) and shadow (Kuroko) begins!
Naruto;Masashi Kishimoto;Gramedia;Anak berambut kuning yang ada monster di dalam perutnya;Moments prior to Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a huge demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine-Tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Now, Naruto is a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja still living in Konohagakure. Shunned because of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village, while his burning desire to become the Hokage of Konohagakure leads him not only to some great new friends, but also some deadly foes.